First, you need to create an account on VK.com. If you already have an account, you can skip this step.

Once you're logged in, click on the "Create Community" button on the top-right corner of the page.

Choose the type of community you want to create. In your case, you would want to choose "Business or Brand".

Fill out the information for your community, including the name, description, and profile picture. You should make sure that the name and description are in Russian, as that will be the primary language for your target audience.

Once you've created your community, you can start adding content such as posts, photos, and videos. You can create posts that showcase the cars you are selling, including details such as make, model, year, and price.

You can also use VK.com's built-in marketplace feature to list your cars for sale. To do this, click on the "Market" tab on your community page and then click on "Add Product". Fill in the details of the car you are selling, including the price, description, and photos.

Lastly, you should promote your VK.com community to potential customers. You can do this by sharing the link to your community on social media and other online platforms where your target audience is likely to be.

I hope this helps you get started with creating a VK.com page for selling cars from Armenia in Russian. If you have any further questions, please feel free to ask.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) productController HAYK

2) onChange pgewith category or brandselector

3) qanaknery գումարելիս փոխել թիվ դարձնել, 10+17 1017 ուղղել 27
3,1) տդս ի մեեջ էլ քանակը մնացորդի փոփոխել 777 հատ, երբ ավելանում է օրդեր, հանել

4)հետագայի համար cartProduct աելացնելիս, միջինացնել ըստ գնի,ենթադրենք թանկ էժն ․․․

5)cart էջում գինն ուղղել

6) Cart_product router

7) brand galis a vorpes brand.brand?? 

8) cartpage chtoxni avelacni orderikum maxic shat apranq

9) http://localhost:3000/order/3        order sum AND productprice